foreign
[Music]
[Applause] [Music]
welcome back to Lady Babylon Wednesday night bible study tonight we're going to
be looking at Mycenaean drug users this is fantastic
we've just been bombarded we're being bombarded by all this good evidence all
this hardcore archeology oh God throw some science in there
next thing you know hplc oh God we're getting the samples
tonight we're gonna look at a couple of things about Bronze Age drug users and
we're going to look at a very frustrated person through time
and we're going to watch the world develop a sense from that evidence
despite his greatest highest loudest voice we're going to
have a little clip tonight um gorgeous little clip a chance for us to hear some of the music of Zane
Campbell definitely didn't possess definitely no doubt certifiably love it and then
we're going to talk about some current some current events in archeology and a
little bit of pharmacology we're going to start off with a little bit of Medea
so you can see who she is
[Music]
I hope you were not too disappointed that Neil has become a little bit not
feeling so well and won't be able to make it tonight we thank him for putting
out the effort uh appreciate that Neil hope you uh hope you feel better so
tonight whereas I was thinking about a conversation between me and Neil it's
going to end up having to be a conversation between me and an invisible devil
so I want to start out with a couple of quotes I'm going to take you I'm going to get in the ship we're going to go
back in time we're going to land somewhere 1200 1100 BC
talking near the end of the Bronze Age we're gonna talk about
one of these drug users one of these drug users should we hit
the first slide with uh I just want to read this to you this is from the orphic
argonautica we start at the end here at one of the gate posts there stood a statue of the far-seeing queen
scattering with emotion the radiance of fire whom the Culkin's propitiate as
Artemis of the gate resounding with the chase terrible for men to see and terrible to hear
unless one approaches the sacred rights and purification the rights kept hidden
by the Priestess who was initiated media unfortunate in marriage along with the
girls of Sita no mortal whether native or stranger entered that way crossing
over that threshold for the terrible goddess kept them away by all means breathing Madness into her fired-eyed
dogs I want you to make sure that you're getting an impression of
um the time remember we're talking about priestesses here and we're talking about a Medea who's who's the queen right and
she is the one who is exercised in the right only she can do it
right or sightean Maids are these
exceptionally skilled workers in drugs
um scythian archeresses yeah from across from across the way
on the Black Sea and these are very skilled talented people I
wanted you to see that I wanted you to see that she is named as that person you can't approach this Divinity Artemis
you can't approach her unless you go by the way of the rights
yeah by the way of the rights now I have been screaming at people about
drug use in the Bronze Age and we've all been
sitting here for the last four or five months and we have seen that
there was drug use yes there was drug use not just in Antiquity classical
Antiquity but preceding that considerably yeah drug use and people tend not to pay
attention well now they're paying attention and now we want to know it's funny to watch them you can watch the
evolution of the scholars here as they as they go through the machinations of
trying to set their mind outside of the Paradigm that they thought was reality
and now they have to go into another so good for them good for them it's a
it's a great experience thank you guys for doing those that hplc and whatnot
yeah fantastic um second quote by Medea I just want you to see or about Medea I just want you to
see the dream quickly struck terrible fear in the heart of the king
he seemed to see on the lovely bosom of the young Maiden Medea whom he was
Raising in his Halls a glistening star darting across its Heavenly path which
she having taken it up on her robe brought to water of the fair flowing
fossus he saw the star seize the maiden and
carry her across the Black Sea relax this is the vision of ETS and that was
more of the orphic arganonica and this vision is preserved in multiple sources
and so we ask ourselves in the first quote from the argonautica who are the dogs you can't get in to see the secret
unless you get by the dogs but she gives those dogs maddening poison
all right she gives them maddening poison remember that maddening poison remember that we're
talking about the eoboloi the hurlers of the poison this is Artemis
this is Artemis who pours out the poison who
pours out the communion Venom this is her and you can't get there you can't even
get across the threshold all right unless you've been through the mystery you cannot get there
they call these the Hidden Eye the Hidden Eye because they are priestesses
who have been using the formula who have been using the toxins
to alter themselves right they're the Medusa
now I want you to see a little bit more of Madea and what's going on maybe you have
a little more respect for the knowledge because now the
bridies you know the scholars are always they're always right there I love it you guys you do it tremendously
a tremendously mediocre and sometimes late job you know and sometimes even
damaging by giving us garbage we don't want any garbage theories we just want
the evidence right and everybody knows the evidence now says from the hair samples that
we've got that the Bronze Age was uh full of drug use
yes yes that there are drugs in people hallucinogens and not necessarily the
hallucinogens that you wanna you know go out and see a concert with
right so yeah this is serious stuff let's take
a look at it I want before we do I want to watch a little clip just two number
one to do two things number one to remind you that we've been talking about these people using drugs for the last
six months and number two to set your mind in that
place where you can say Okay um how are these Scholars looking at
this evidence what are they doing with it yeah love it let's hit the clip
please [Music] [Applause] what a mess I'm made of it all and I
guess I gotta blame myself oh I could blame it on
are on him or on them but in the end I made my own little help
and they wonder why foreign
[Applause] [Music]
[Applause] [Music] [Applause]
[Music] [Applause] [Music]
turns on me [Applause]
I hope that set the mood a little bit there because we're going to be talking about how we got there
so this as you know this story is blowing up right the story's blowing up it's all everywhere from The New York
Times it's all over journals let's splash some of these up here you guys have seen this you guys have seen this
here we go here's Salon Bronze Age Europeans we're getting high on all
kinds of drugs hair analysis study fines wow that's fantastic how about another
one here's one from CNN my goodness look at that that's Central 3 000 year old hairs
hold the ancient oldest clues about psychoactive drug use in Europe fantastic
here's one from the Greek reporter scientists discover evidence of drug use
during Bronze Age rituals okay it's getting deeper right we're
getting in there tripping in the Bronze Age says the says the New York Times
right right love it we're going to look at a couple of these in depth this one I think is gross I don't know why but that
whatever that is I know it's no offense is the Bronze Age dude or do that who
was wearing that but I don't know it makes my stomach turn a little bit direct evidence of ancient Bronze Age
drug use found in Menorca right so this is all off that that Spanish Island fine
that they've got with hair and what they're looking at it and I just wanted you to see a couple of quotes right
direct evidence the use of multiple drugs and Bronze Age Menorca from human
hair analysis beautiful beautiful archeology evidence of drug use during
Bronze Age ceremonies Bronze Age ceremonies they say right
Bronze Age ceremonies okay let's keep going here's direct quote the
findings published Thursday and scientific reports of the journal Nature great Journal provide the first direct
evidence that ancient Europeans consume psychoactive drugs much like their
pre-columbian brethren in mesoamerica the researchers said
wait a minute did he say brethren
what what was that I need that quote back we here there we go
um yeah Brethren okay they weren't really brothers right I don't know where you know they're not even
closely related right but okay um who knows that's a nice Ambiance he's
trying to create there right um yeah this is he says the first direct evidence that ancient Europeans now when
he's saying ancient Europeans he's talking Bronze Age right and this is my frustration if the
classicists were on the ball and I'll just throw it out there this is not the first evidence that we
have of ancient drug use several of these articles say that this we finally
have evidence for ancient drug use take a step back Poindexter
put down that slide rule put it down put it down
the words that you're using to describe all of these drugs
um they're already talking about in detail and we'll see this is the right
apparently this is amazed what here's a problem classes don't like to go there because classes and you can ask anybody
ask them all ask barter and right um uh because people watch him here not
because he's classes he's not classes but um you know ask Carl Rock right
um this is uh this stuff has been sitting in this literature for a ton of time and nobody reads it
thousands of pages on drugs I can even tell you what was on that hair
yeah I'm going to show you you're going to the benefit of coming tonight was that you get to be
one step ahead of the rest of the world one step just one
let's do it let's do it um
[Music] yeah here's the main doc who's ahead of it right Guerra dos I'm not quite sure
I'm sorry but listen if I've mispronounced your name the lead author of the study said
researchers were stunned by the results now wait a minute nobody's done guys just wait especially because the cave
Interiors yielded knowledgeable signs of drugs presence myself okay well they
didn't they had it in their hair but not in their pockets okay fine a chemical
analysis of the hair revealed evidence of three alkaloid substances what are those alkaloids those are those
nitrogenous substances that have some kind of physiological activity yeah human body I
think the anti-fungal they can be pain killers you know you know
um uh you're not gonna get to chase the dragon without um alkaloids right alkaloids nice family
chemicals yeah known to produce Altered States Of Consciousness what they find ephedrine atropine and scopolamine and
for those of you who are you know just somewhere on the periphery Neuroscience
mate you might be in neuroscientist or you might be a some molecular biologist
you know maybe chemist um maybe an engineer right and you might
be familiar with some of this terminology uh you know that these substances are not these are not
um lightweights right atropy and Scopolamine that will put you into a
vision state that the magic I use to torture people to get information out of
them right yeah that's what these people had in their hair
for that diamond surprised at this I don't know why
they're surprised um yeah especially when the especially when
the Greeks are documenting all of this and you say to yourself oh
give us the evidence we're hungry I want that evidence I want your evidence
give me that evidence I'll give you my evidence just all you got to do is go back to Homer I was
talking with I was talking with Neil today and Neil said he'd interviewed a PhD and PhD got his PhD in New Testament
studies right and then he went back and got a master's degree in Classics and he said
he didn't realize how full of nothing was the was the Bible studies degree
isn't that funny because he went back and got a classic degree they brought him up to the evidence and I know you're
hungry for that my audience is hungry for that evidence give me that I want that Eminence I got Homer let's
call up Homer right and you're saying wait a minute wait a minute okay where are we don't worry it's 9th 8th century
right BC 9th or 8th century yeah we're only a couple of centuries
away from that ending of that Bronze Age right we're
talking about the same Generations Homer is hearkening back to this Bronze Age oh
and he is saying in it they're on drugs what do you mean this
is the first evidence we've ever had what are you talking about go to the
text oh my God you can't have a party in the in the Bronze Age without getting
there on drugs and that's what the scholars are so worried about they're trying to make sure I'm going to show
you these quotes they want you to know they want you to know this is not for fun this is not for fun no
I want to take you out back I got a place for you I'm back come on
let's go it's okay services are over all right come on
come on we gotta take off the uniforms anyway you know what I mean they want to take you out back right
Homer is talking about the drugs right you have a giant party where you
have people over you you've doused them in drugs wine drug
laced wine that gets them so bent that he says you could kill their mother or
father in front of them and they wouldn't care now Vice news thanks for the bid on the
Scorpion smoking get out there and look at that if you guys haven't seen that
um the place that takes you right is a place they're going backwards back
and forth to all right to enter these these places
where you can interact with the powers that be real sorcery real sorcery yeah I love it
let's keep going I gotta wait which one of my chewy this one okay the author suggests that in the presence of these
alkaloids may have been due to consumption of some Nightshade plants such as mandrake
okay now look I want you to notice as we're reading these these are all these
are all of the suspects The Usual Suspects you could look in any
um Inquisition documentation at all you can look up any Inquisition documentation you watch the
trials um you can see what kind of testimony you get out of this is the thing they're always these are the drugs the standard
list of drugs they are always catching the witches with always catching them
with what do we get here Mandrake right they also use Mandrake by the way in surgery
in Antiquity yeah cool huhn Bane right higher Sky Ms that's what they call
angry that's a Greek name hey for all you people who are surprised all of you Scholars I know I give you credit you
guys are out there digging in the dirt and you're getting the evidence who are right I love that but look here the
Greek name for the drug you found right is sitting right in front of our faces high of skyamus right that's all
you gotta know did they know about these drugs yeah did they use them of course they did and they wrote a ton about
using them that nobody shame on the classics out there one more time as a
ronin I want to say this if today is my last I want the world to know
that the people and Classics have let you down that they are dogs that they
are not the Guardians of those sacred words that they have lost their right
to call themselves Defenders of the Muse shame on you people
there's literally thousands of stuff that remains untranslated because like my dissertation is like my the head of
my department told me when I was given my dissertation said
the Romans they just wouldn't do such a thing
I was like are we talking about the same people are we talking about the same people have you seen what the Romans do
yeah okay let's keep going because I want to get to Jesus I want to get to stabbing Jesus we're gonna get there
this one yeah here we go uh hang on no I'm gonna read this henbane and Thorn Apple right what else joint Pine the
author suggests that these drug plants may have been used as part of ritual ceremonies performed by a shaman right
that was they all run to that right now now we're getting outside the evidence
right and what do they use for evidence the concentric circles and the wooden containers may have depicted ice okay
personally people that's it in my scientific opinion having worked in the
lab myself uh vest doesn't hold up come on guys you can do better that's the
best you Scholars can do I'm sure there are people right now who are writing a book probably for Rutledge and I'll bet
you can look at all these pots and they'll say this is the Psychedelic experience no you can't make conclusions
like that then it's not how you use evidence I wouldn't hold up in a court you think they would convict someone on
a murder charge based on the the big googly eyes and the pots yeah
people grow up why don't you just read your text why don't you just read what the people that came after them said to
do with the drugs I don't know maybe that's an idea Helen is putting drugs in
the wine Cersei is drugging men she's got the dildo Rod she is trogging man
man this is an operation this is Big Stuff these are crazy poisons right love
it this stuff will get you going and people are shocked oh we found hair we
found Bronze Age herring in this hair we found drugs do you know how frustrating it is step back for a minute
step back for a minute you know I have been shouting to the world right
I've been shouting the word Carl Rock has been shouting to the world his whole career right and people look at you
funny now you've got hair you morons now you've got hair and now you see it's
there yeah finally
oh you don't deserve it you don't deserve to know what the Caesars were doing
you don't deserved in the cult you despicable Athenian women weren't
staying indoors all the time shame on you shame on you
you pretend to write a book disgusting
open up the pharmaceutical stuff let's see where it goes you'll have to forgive me I have a clear
distaste for Academia but um I was known for that as a graduate
student too and I would always bring the they were like oh Hillman's here he's going to bring up
something that nobody knows read the tax people it's all there let's keep going this is exciting the researchers noted
that do the dangerous nature of the alkaloids found in the hair using and handling these substances requiring
specialized knowledge and expertise what a bunch of geniuses you guys are
yeah congratulations congratulations if you'd read the
documents they talk about what Specialists you have to have just to
procure these drugs much less to make the compounds and what to do with them
you know some of this stuff is great this is a you know and remember Bronze
Age is the glory time that's when these big
cities are getting built that's when what you and I call civilization that's
when it's thriving it's only afterwards with the Dark Age
but they don't know what happened it's an island blew up and people invaded and uh you know famine you know all that
kind of stuff they don't know what caused that but we went backwards
we know that the people that were associated just think on this for a minute the people that were associated
with the advancements were the ones who were actively um performing the mystery whereby they
were exposed to the drugs yeah love it let's go on next quote or are we do we
get us here good drug use among humans is a practice not only thousands of years old based on clues that were
previously uncovered Eurasia and the Americas but in Europe the presence of mind-offering plants at prehistoric
sites offered archaeologists an incomplete picture until now they lacked evidence that people in ancient
communities ingested the plants oh by the way it didn't ingest them all right
there's a lot of where they eat this stuff Medea invented the vapor bath they call it the
vapor bath and you ask yourself what's the what's the favorite bath remember she's surrounded by scythian
um women and these women um bathe themselves as our text tell us
eroticus um with the fumigation and they have like oils they put on their skin made
out of woods um very nice great descriptions of this stuff um beautiful beautiful so
um there's some real real chemistry right there from the beginning with all this bring that up again yeah
um but with these new findings representing the earliest evidence of drug consumption right so Medea invents
the um Vapor bath which you would think is like
a steam bath but it's just the exposure to the Smoke of something yeah isn't
that neat you can it's like a fumigation that later is called a fumigation right yeah nice and so apparently she's the
one who invented this we have that attributed to her isn't that nice so you
can enter when you enter into the Tabernacle I had one person tell me this week stop my my worldview Chatters and I
can't I don't want to keep going down this path right when you got that person who steps into the
tent curtains that hold in all the vapor and
they're talking to God right this is pre-moses right we're
talking Moses is coming from these Traditions they're talking about Mycenaean stuff they're talking about
1600 Moses was later right that's why he's throwing around his serpent right
people think of Charlton Heston and that people watched Easter and they saw the guy with the big beard and hold them up
yeah they don't realize that um that dude was throwing snakes around
right he's performing magic bro yeah doing he built a tent
and you can go inside that tent and you can talk to God you will hear the voice
of God don't worry we're gonna tie a rope to your leg because if you pass out we'll drag you out
right that's Vapor dude this is Bronze Age Technology that there let's go to
the next quote that they're harnessing here um these findings are so singular said
the doc in charge right um sometimes when people think about drugs they think it's a modern practice
these results tell us a different story there's also those of us who when they
hear about drugs no it's a modern breath no it's an ancient practice as well as a modern one so it doesn't bother us uh we
wouldn't be surprised according to the study the floor native to Menorca includes the psychoactive species datera
hyoscience and mandragora right which contain the propane derivatives atropy
and Scopolamine also on the island is ephedra which contains the phenylethylamine derivative ephedrine
and papaver some nephron yay for the Opium that's the Opium this is quite a
cocktail we're ending off with here isn't it this is wonderful um which has its own alkaloids right
more morphine which we all know right everybody big hand for morphine uh long
long long long history yeah it turns out your ancestors were shipping opium all
over the world long time ago way before they invented democracy way before where
they did you know killing pain is killing pain bro the Bronze Age populations of Menorca may have employed
drug plants for their medicinal properties thanks genius however the high levels of toxicity found in the
hair samples suggests the plant drugs were also used for the hallucinogenic properties in shamanic ceremonies right
so in shamanic ceremonies guest gasket was that written in the cave I was
written in the cave all you found is some people with drugs considering the potential toxicity of
the alcohol is found in the hair they're handling use in applications represent highly specialized knowledge the
author's report yeah I wonder where they passed that on to yeah going back to the shamans what is
wrong with you people don't you know that when people think of Shaman do you know what they think of yeah
they don't think of the queen of caucus who created the medes
right they don't know they don't shaman she was in a shaman she was a
witch Queen you [__] who knew the mystery
yeah who dispensed the poison of the Echidna love it from
her Dark Harbor you give that one you classicist that fracture your brain Dark Harbor is
your vagina when it's covered with the burning purple yeah
yeah did we get censored on that or something
hang on chewies we just hit an asteroid or something what was that wow okay I got it
oh are we we're overheating hang on it's too much I start talking about
yeah about the um pudenda we'll say it politely and scientifically
the purple Harbor that's where it's all sailors go
the ones who sail into the ion that's where they go
okay let's keep going these people are getting creepy plants like hinbane and
Belladonna produce atropy and Scopolamine but the plant that these Bronze Age people were most likely
eating was Thorn Apple also known as Jimson weed it has distinct spiky seed
pods and muted lavender flowers okay nice nice but what does it do look reportedly some potent often nightmarish
trips that's where you want to get when you get here some of these reports talk about you know what's the use of these
it's got to be sacred one of the authors said it's not the profane it's the sacred right and you're asking yourself
why are they so why are they so crazy about the fact that this can't be
um some people in the Bronze Age kicking back and getting recreationally super high going to a a
religious performance that their family goes to their grandparents had been to
you know that's why the people wear the dye in their hair man it's just part of the society right it's part of the our
medicine so what is wrong with you people what is wrong
the modern Iron Age poop where's the next one right here
here we go I got an alarm going off too you better find out what that is the recovery of human hair in the late
Bronze Age burial cave uh provides a unique opportunity to for the probe into the medicinal and ritual realms of
indigenous inhabitants of Western Mediterranean it's already 3 000 years ago
the results finish direct evidence yeah furnished direct evidence of the consumption of plant okay okay so yeah
we know they took drugs now um here we're going to skip over that
and we're gonna go to recent analysis of hair watch this there's one really good scientific article on this one right
um in nature and it's a fantastic it's a fantastic article and it goes over
methods right analysis you can get all the chemistry for those of you Geeks Who
are hplc um people and know what that means
um you know Mass Spectrum spectrometers and all that kind of stuff equipment
that we need if that stuff turns you on then um take a look at the one in nature but
here's a funny here's a funny reference to that recent analysis of hair of patients suffering from detera poisoning
revealed atropine and scopolamine in a patient who admitted regular consumption
of detera and only Scopolamine in a regular cannabis abuser
wait a minute a regular a regular
is this thing scientific do you people see what happens as soon as you get into
this world of the recreation as soon as you get into this world of the high all
of a sudden it's not acceptable right the the Cannabis abuser
how many people you can't abuse cannabis that scientist needs to find out that you can't abuse cannabis
you can't you you learn to you you learn to Make Love Not War right
right they should have said the lover of cannabis in that article we found this lover of cannabis and he had the what's
the point Poindexter the point is that he had the the Scopolamine and atropine
right or he didn't have the atropine but he did have the Scopolamine so these chemicals are being liberated and used
that's what the point is fantastic and they are terrible hallucinogens you can put somebody into
a state of complete total psychosis and now you understand why we've been
talking about all these caves all these caves Devils give me a little bit more
time tonight right um these caves and why they're going into the caves right it's where they
found this stuff is in a cave all right so there's got to be some that's why they try to bring in the
bring in the shaman this dirty he probably smells bad I bet that Shaman's underwear are dirty how much you want
that um this one fantastic but the dire oh
yeah this is I want to read you I wanted to get into a little bit of uh a little
bit of um we're talking now about Bronze Age drugs right one of the areas that people don't
talk about are the Venoms they come up all the time on the witch side they come
up on the Midwifery side they come up on the oracular side you got a rock either priests we're writing about oh God this
is great combination of X Y and Z and you put this in bam right this stuff is
great literature there's more on Theory X as a matter of fact I'm going to scare you a little bit I hope I do
um I was reading just this week in a place that hasn't been translated from Galen he's writing about Theory Acts and
he says there is a theory act that is peculiar or particular to The House of the Caesars
yeah it is there family mystery communion
yeah do you know who Julius Caesar put a portrait of in the temple of Venus
genetics and for those of you who are not in the know with Rome I'm sorry I don't mean to point that's
rude but for those of you who are not in the know with Rome Venus geometrics is our mother
excuse me where I put my bracelet on
Venus good Matrix is our mother right if you're a Roman you know you're a
descendant of Venus genetics who it is Julius Caesar
get a portrait of and set it up in the temple of Venus genetrics he gets a
portrait of Medea he gets a portrait of Medea because the echidnae no
yeah I've seen things I've seen things and I keep screaming about them I don't
scream about them I just I just wrote papers and went to conferences and wrote books
couple of books um and now people are seeing the stuff
is there let's take the next step I was going to show you some text but I think we've
gone beyond um let us
be satisfied in this in this
world where the drugs are used in
medicine and in health and are a big part of the development of
the religious attitude of the people yeah these drugs have tremendous
tremendous influence on society and the Mystery as started by and
perpetuated through the conkians eventually
all the way through the Etruscans right
how do we know how do we know this is what they're going to be finding out in the future right I told you I would I
would do this okay so they talk about the hair dye you've got this red hair dye
right yeah here we go here we go
this is the ferric oxide right ferric oxide and where do you find this though
you find the stuff in the limney and Earth you find it in what they called Lindy and Earth Galen went to limnos to
find this stuff because he claimed that it could heal breast tumors in
women now he said other things about it but that was one of the things that caught me as a grad student I was like what
yeah and he would it's something special I gave a paper on this and people
speculated about what it could have been in the Lebanon Earth well this stuff is also
um a base for a die right it's a base for a coloring agent you can make paint with it right and
um what they would do is they would put it for example today I was reading a priest named nikander who said look you know if
you're out and you get bit and you don't have your coating on um it's your fault right your dermal
coating um there are paints that you can put on that will deactivate
poisons yeah very practical if you think about it yeah you can see you can see people
developing that that makes perfect sense just like that stuff the Medusa the temple Guardians put in their hair right
that they drag their arrows across and then their arrows are poisonous same kind of approach it's a very
naturalistic approach it's why the world monotheism
um when it encounters that world is on Shaky Ground it's not flexible enough to
absorb that that nature that pure exercise of nature right stop what
you're doing and that's where we get the Franks done well it turns out that this
substance right I'm going to pull up this in Greek for you it's called miltos
miltos red earth right red ocher I guess on the Brit sign they call it rutle
rutle Riot it's this red lead or this oxide right and notice that it's from
Lemonade look at number Roman numeral number two here in this Victorian classical philology Paradise Island
what is oh wait a minute that's the rust that grows
on the wheat and hence it is a title
that we give to Demeter a title an apathet for her is this rust that grows
on wheat and so right away I know the neuroscientists out there right I'm
thinking of one in particular but I'll pretend like I'm speaking to a group of them
you all know now um that oh okay there could be a connection with the
um ergot and the LSD because it's that rust that wheat rust
it's a fungus that produces the right stuff you can paint that stuff on your skin as well as
put it into a barley meal drink right if your Barley's rusted right you
can put it into a drink as well or you can put it on your skin the Etruscans like to put it on their skin you ever
seen Etruscans they have like red skin they're like what's that
it's not because their colors were messed up right it's not because they we
don't understand do you see how bright red that stuff is there's no way right what is that that's artificial
yeah I know it turns out it is and we have descriptions of applying these things to your skin and the dyes are
huge the dyes are huge they called Hercules porphyrian right because of the
purple dye that he's marked with and where is he getting that he's getting it in the mystery and the only
one allowed and the Herculean mystery who is a female the only one that has a
vagina has the black Harbor right Medea alone is allowed in the
right so when the scientists dig up the hair and they find on it and everybody here
who's been because you all know I've been yelling about this for the last few months here on on our
you know Venture and our satanic initiation okay they came up with physical evidence
for it right good for them good job guys good job now let's keep
going and let's say what are these formula do how are they used why were
they using them why were they inducing was it a low enough level that they didn't induce you know you weren't
chronically walking around a state of psychosis right or the Roman doctors that's the
state where the Roman doctors are like you the guy coming out of the tavern he's like bleeding like a sheep and
irrational right that's the dude that is on X and you give them this antidote
right so we're not talking about the we're not talking about oh my God you
know this discovery is great everybody should love this discovery because it is
showing the world that we have concrete drug use that people cannot say
um uh any longer that drug use isn't an
integral part of the development of human history
yeah it's an integral part of our history it is there and maybe
I'll just propose one thing I wanted to talk about the dips ass poisoning tonight and I want to talk
about the Viper Venoms that cause the thirst and I wanted to talk about Jesus
being so thirsty I wanted to bring you guys back to that moment on the cross I
wanted you to get there because I want us to be able to get a clear picture
of what the texts are representing right no more no more time people the buses
already left for on theories and and uh you know Grand conclusions of idiot
Scholars now is the time for us to say okay what's here and what can we apply and that's what that's what I'd like to
do is I'd like to help bring us forward then and say how can we really guard the
information that's in these texts well we can bring it into the museum and open it up and let people see it right and
maybe there's something there maybe there's something there about our exposure over time
um we might it they may have been right we may be part of the generation that would decline there may be something
about these substances that will cause you to make more Connections in your
brain right that will cause you to um not have so many inflammatory
problems right this this potential here is amazing potential is amazing not to
mention we can bring back lady Babylon that's what we need the girl who is half
Viper all right and brings that medicine good news
tonight we'll end here but good news tonight all the way from Jeff Monmouth
who is giving us Merlin's prophecy about the coming of the Cruella the girl who
has the medicine it's a prophecy and it is sibling and
origin and Merlin is pushing it Merlin knows something that we don't yes we
will see you on Friday unfortunately it doesn't look like um Derek uh
although I'm sure that he would come otherwise it doesn't look like we've convinced him I tried people I tried I
told you I told him people want to see you and you know people want to see you in women's lingerie okay they want to
see it right um but he won't be coming Friday you understand the man has a reputation to
uphold I don't I don't blame him it's a good thing I don't because I'm free to
do to do exactly what I need to do so I'm bringing you this information I'm
going to continue on Friday with new info to fill in the picture so that we
can you know we can get a we can get an understanding of what was actually going on we're gonna find that naked boy in
the garden with Jesus we're going to bring him out we're going to show people and we're going to change the world view
and we're going to be uncomfortable doing it in the process but um let it let it Let The Wave proceed
and uh hail Satan [Music]
[Applause] [Music]
put on different masks and